hey Louis
Wow nice Americana Yamata young manga
okarin I'm Cara
konnichiwa what do you think of the new
facilities spacious now let's get down
to our preparations for the Grand Prix
there are a couple of changes to the new
Japanese circuit let me just switch
track from the last Grand Prix now
you'll notice there's a new chicane R to
turn 12 and they've handed a couple of
rather amusing corners this year M who's
driving yet how come he's got perfect
lap times allow me to introduce you to
the McLaren project for robot test drive
or mp4 RTD one for short snappy name he
has non-board Analysis Unit that
collects data and makes adjustments in
real time he chilli learns as he drives
ratings I didn't program that come on
then Nico Rosberg let's get racing what
is racing the robot wasn't designed for
racing he's a test robot so let's get
out on the track
RT d1 will show you the perfect line
around the Japanese
hmm I'm starting to wonder if this was
such a good idea
the bad gamer
RTD one RTD one speak to us say
something born oh dear it's happened
again I suspected it would that's why I
stayed back here in Woking and sent
along my robot avatar and before rpm one
is all right is there anyone here who
isn't a freaking robot